feat(content): Korath Exiles Expansion, Revised - Stage I (#6891)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

	trade Metal 217
	trade Plastic 524
	fleet "Korath Raid" 2800
	fleet "Korath Miners" 5000

> 	fleet "Korath Large Raid" 1500

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	fleet "Korath Large Raid" 2500
```
Kor Ak'Mari is *extremely* busy now for being an empty system, it should probably be toned down a bit.

			distance 215
			period 12.1447

system Misam
	pos -9 -80
	government Pirate
	habitable 993
	belt 1091
	link Durax
	asteroids "small rock" 30 2.4918
	asteroids "medium rock" 65 2.7068
	asteroids "large rock" 1 2.561
	asteroids "small metal" 8 1.2002
	asteroids "medium metal" 10 2.7702
	asteroids "large metal" 6 2.2562
	minables copper 22 2.79651
	minables silver 18 1.38539
	minables neodymium 14 1.81077
	trade Clothing 307
	trade Electronics 741
	trade Equipment 661
	trade Food 168
	trade "Heavy Metals" 851
	trade Industrial 787
	trade "Luxury Goods" 1002
	trade Medical 688
	trade Metal 288
	trade Plastic 368
	fleet "Small Core Pirates" 750
	fleet "Large Core Pirates" 2000
	fleet "Korath Raid" 4000

> 	fleet "Korath Large Raid" 10000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	fleet "Korath Large Raid" 11000
```

		threshold 2000
		fleet "Small Republic" 11

planet "New Tortuga"
	attributes pirate "core pirate" core religious factory
	landscape land/fog6
	description `A planet of violent storms and frequent earthquakes, New Tortuga would turn away anyone unless they have a reason to hide. The few settlements on the planet are subterranean cave cities far from any fault lines. Thick blast doors block all entrances, and vast pumping systems remove water after the frequent supertyphoon-strength tropical storms.`

> 	description `Most of the inhabitants of this planet are Syndicate dissidents who support themselves through manufacturing. The Syndicate often destroys pirate factories at their borders, but their fleets cannot penetrate as far as New Tortuga. Here, shipyards, factories, and outfitters provide an uninterrupted supply.`

Reviewer 3: I liked much of this one as is. I didn't know if you wanted a complete overhaul with different facts or tidbits, but I only changed small things about this one. 

Alternative Landscape (2) Description 1: "Most of the inhabitants of this planet are Syndicate dissidents who mainly support themselves through manufacturing. The Syndicate often destroys pirate factories at their borders, but their fleets do not find the monetary cost of penetrating as far as New Tortuga worth the benefit of a few dead pirates. Here, shipyards, factories, and outfitters provide an uninterrupted supply of goods and services for the system."

Alternative Landscape (2) Description 2: "Most of the inhabitants of this planet are Syndicate dissidents who mainly support themselves through manufacturing ships and outfits. The Syndicate often destroys pirate factories at their borders, but their fleets do not find the monetary cost of venturing as far as New Tortuga worth the benefit of a few dead pirates. Here, shipyards, factories, and outfitters provide an uninterrupted supply of goods and services for the system."

> 	spaceport `As you walk through the spaceport, you notice a surprising number of religious buildings scattered between the pirate bars and black market stores. Most of the shops are run not by pirates, but by ordinary folk, frequently wearing religious garb. They interact with pirates as customers and guests rather than as an oppressive government.`

Reviewer 3: I liked this section a lot. Having the pirates here be very religious is a nice cultural touch that provides a bit of humanity to a faction we typically see as mostly evil.

Alternative Spaceport (1) Description 1: "As you walk through the spaceport, you notice a surprising number of religious buildings scattered between the pirate bars and black-market stores. Most of the shops are run not by pirates, but by ordinary folk, many wearing religious garb. The citizens here interact with pirates with friendliness and warmth rather than the hostility and fear you normally see."

Alternative Spaceport (1) Description 2: "As you walk through the spaceport, amidst the spacebars and black-markets, you notice a surprising variety of religious buildings. There are a variety of churches, synagogues, and mosques, as well as a smattering of religious buildings you can’t quite remember the names of. Most of the black-market shops are run not by pirates, but by ordinary folk, many wearing religious garb. The citizens here interact with pirates with friendliness and warmth rather than the hostility and fear you normally see."

> 	spaceport `The relative peace is frequently broken by a pirate band wandering through the spaceport. The pirates here are generally more obedient and militarized than the ones seen on other planets. Their ships are more advanced too, judging by what sticks out their weapon and engine hardpoints.`

Reviewer 3: Added some flavor here adding to the religious identity the pirates here seemed to be showing in the original text. Added some reverence to their behavior for all religions in the port. 

Alternative Spaceport (2) Description 1: "The relative peace is frequently broken by a pirate band wandering through the spaceport. While an auditory nuisance, the pirates here are generally more obedient and disciplined than the ones seen on other, perhaps less religious, planets. Their ships are more advanced too, judging by the armaments and engines you quickly noticed in the hanger."

Alternative Spaceport (2) Description 2: "The relative peace is frequently broken by a pirate band wandering through the spaceport. While perhaps an auditory nuisance, the pirates here are generally more obedient and disciplined than the ones seen on other, perhaps less religious, planets. The pirate gangs, maybe because of their faith and reverence to it, tend to settle down whenever they walk past a religious building, no matter the religion inside."

		threshold 2000
		fleet "Small Republic" 11

planet "New Tortuga"
	attributes pirate "core pirate" core religious factory
	landscape land/fog6

> 	description `A planet of violent storms and frequent earthquakes, New Tortuga does not have a lot to offer the average spacefarer. The most significant settlements on the planet are built predominantly underground, far from any fault lines, with only small, hardened, and frequently camoflaged access areas. Combined with the fortress-like blast doors that blockade the spaceport entrances, New Tortuga is the perfect place for those looking for somewhere to hide.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `A planet of violent storms and frequent earthquakes, New Tortuga does not have a lot to offer the average spacefarer. The most significant settlements on the planet are built predominantly underground, far from any fault lines, with only obscure, hardened access areas. Combined with the fortress-like blast doors that blockade the spaceport entrances, New Tortuga is the perfect place for those looking for somewhere to hide.`
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4471575/177924172-d64cfded-2e4d-4890-9660-366d6ea46b03.png)
This should get it cleanly fitting in the description frame.

> 	description `A planet of violent storms and frequent earthquakes, New Tortuga does not have a lot to offer the average spacefarer. The few settlements on the planet lie deep underground, far from any fault lines. Prone to hurricane-induced flooding, vast pumping systems in constant need of repair remove excess water from the cities. Combined with the fortress-like blast doors that blockade the spaceport entrances, New Tortuga is the perfect place for those looking for somewhere to hide.`

Reviewer 4: Many parts of this feel somewhat incongruous.
If something is deep underground then it doesn't have to worry about flooding, because there would be at least one impermeable rock layer between them and any groundwater penetration. (And I'd assume any artificial access points have water management well-designed into them.
Decently deep cities with the sort of access that facilitates spaceports behind blast doors also present a risk of _creating_ minor fault lines. Also underground living is just super expensive and fraught with risk the bigger and deeper you go.
I would suggest revising it this way:

```suggestion
	description `A planet of violent storms and frequent earthquakes, New Tortuga does not have a lot to offer the average spacefarer. The most significant settlements on the planet are built predominantly underground, far from any fault lines, with only small, hardened, and frequently camoflaged access areas. Prone to hurricane-induced flooding, cities in low-lying areas maintain vast pumping systems in frequent need of repair remove excess water let in by breaches. Combined with the fortress-like blast doors that blockade the spaceport entrances, New Tortuga is the perfect place for those looking for somewhere to hide.`
```

Reviewer 2: Your suggestion adds another line which will put the planet description beyond the box, so make sure to watch that (and we could possibly shrink the description in general as well).

Author: Again, I feel your suggestion, while it has technical merit, is far too wordy.  This description in particular has been extensively winnowed down already in order to fit into the text box, and as has been pointed out on discord, is still uncomfortably long for some who don't like how it fills up the very last line.

Reviewer 4: Well my other suggestion would be to just nix the whole flooding line. To me it felt like a stretch to start with. 
```suggestion
	description `A planet of violent storms and frequent earthquakes, New Tortuga does not have a lot to offer the average spacefarer. The most significant settlements on the planet are built predominantly underground, far from any fault lines, with only small, hardened, and frequently camoflaged access areas. Combined with the fortress-like blast doors that blockade the spaceport entrances, New Tortuga is the perfect place for those looking for somewhere to hide.`
```

	description `Most of the inhabitants of this planet are Syndicate dissidents who mainly support themselves through manufacturing. The Syndicate often destroys pirate factories at their borders, but their fleets do not find the monetary cost of venturing as far as New Tortuga worth the benefit. Here, shipyards, factories, and outfitters provide a continuous supply of goods and services for the system.`
	spaceport `As you walk through the spaceport, scattered amidst the bars and black-markets, you notice a surprising number of religious buildings. There are a variety of churches, synagogues, mosques, temples, and others you can't quite remember the names of. Most of the shops are run not by pirates, but by ordinary folk, many wearing religious garb. The citizens here interact with pirates with friendliness and warmth, rather than the hostility and fear you see on other pirate worlds.`

> 	spaceport `The relative peace is frequently broken by a pirate band wandering through the spaceport. While perhaps an auditory nuisance, the pirates here are generally more obedient and disciplined than those seen on other planets. Their ships are more advanced too, judging by the armaments and engines you noticed in the hangar.`

Reviewer 4: I want to say that thematically the main spaceport (though no doubt not the only one) would likely be a thing unto itself, linked to the nearest cities by underground rail rather than actually attached to a single settlement. I imagine certain pirates and such have their own sections of the spaceport all to themselves in some regard.
However, these are already a pair of long descriptions so I don't think it's worth it trying to squeeze much else in.

Author: I don't see why that would be the case at all.  Maybe on a Republic world that may be the case, but I don't think Pirates care too much about zoning law.

Reviewer 4: It's not about law it's about practicality - if things are largely underground, then the bigger any single thing is, the harder it is to make it safe - a large spaceport and a large city predominantly underground in the same place is a recipe for the whole lot of them collapsing, regardless of distance from any fault lines. 
Since the spaceport isn't actually explicitly linked to any particular city though, this is more a general observation.

Author: Hm.  Well, with your edit to the description, the spaceport doesn't have to be underground, it can be on the surface.  Which is probably a more practical place to land ships anyway.
